Welcome to SJ weekly for the 25th of November 2018
Today, I'm drinking. It's called 8 o'clock coffee. Let's let's give it a try
Hmm oh it's good coffee, but I didn't put enough milk in hold on a second
Yes in Canada milk comes in bags
Oh
There we go perfect, I know my baby I like I like sugar and and milk in my coffee
I know let's start with my friend low ping
He's an Italian chef making kissy fingers apparently
Let's see what you enjoy so much if a post starts with hey folks, you know, everything after it is going to suck hard shit
Yeah, it is one of those things, you know, like yass Queen's sleigh or
Maybe just maybe or let's unpack this a little bit. It's one of those things, right?
Hey folks
using mixed
capitalized slash
Capitalized letters to mock a point is super ableist and possibly classist
If you can't ridicule bigotry without resorting to bigotry like that need to work on yourself a lot
the problem with this type of reasoning aside from how ridiculously stupid it is is that
Eventually, you're gonna get to the point where you're not going to be able to describe the difference between good and bad
Because they will say that all the various descriptors of things that are good and things that are bad are
Oppressive because these people fundamentally don't believe in in hierarchy and in value systems
So if you don't have a hierarchy, you don't have a system of values. How can you judge? What is good?
And what is bad?
CNN's Don Lemon we have to stop humanizing people and realize that the biggest terror threat in this country is white men
Most of them radicalized to the right and we have to start doing something about them
I'm gonna have a video probably one of those short bite-sized videos on this topic soon
But let's let's watch this and just see how ridiculous it actually is we messaged about this a little bit this weekend
I keep trying to point out to people not to demonize any one group or any one ethnicity
But we keep thinking that the biggest terror threat is something else some some people who are marching
You know towards the border like it's imminent and the last time they did this a couple hundred people came and they you know
Most of them did get into the country most of them tired
You know got tuckered out before they even made it to the border
So we have to stop demonizing people and realize the biggest terror threat in this country is
White men most of them radicalized right up to the right and we have to start doing something about them
There is no travel ban on them. There is no ban on you know, they had the Muslim ban
There is no white guy ban. So what do we do about that?
Can you imagine going on CNN and saying the exact same thing about black men
We have to stop demonizing people and realize the biggest terror threat in this country is black men
Most of them radicalized to the left and we have to start doing something about them
Imagine saying that you would lose your job at CNN. You'd be escorted out of the building
You'd probably be shot in an alleyway somewhere. I really do love Twitter. It's it's the best source of stuff like this
Online
Trolling comes entirely from Americans. I see no trolling coming from Europeans or people from anywhere else in the world
someone needs to make a social study on why this is um
I'm I'm Canadian and I troll quite a bit online
No offense, but this anecdote is totally false obviously false
No offense to you, but you don't know what Europeans are like online because you're American
That's why so many people were triggered by this tweet. I'm English not American
but
Do you really think that Australians don't troll
Do you really think that anybody else doesn't troll on the internet?
Let's get down to business
University staff told that capital letters could frighten anxious students lecturers also urged to avoid
Negative language and using the word don't so you can't all caps anything now and you can't mix caps anything now
And you also can't use the word don't why is it that university students have less of a spine than five-year-olds
The memo warned that writing in uppercase letters a common method for drawing attention to key points could make the task seem
Intimidating and frighten the students into failure
Really, so you're going to fail because someone all caps a word or a sentence
Maybe maybe that's why I like here check this out. Check this out. I'm gonna start all caps thing. All right
There you go. I just all caps something and all I have to do is do this and then students will start to fail
Their exams, that's it. That's all you got to do. I mean, it's got nothing to do with studying
It's got nothing to do with attending your classes or or completing your assignments or any kind of preparation. No
Yeah, you want your students to fail just all caps that shit staff are encouraged not to use the word don't where possible
While
Overusing the word do is also discouraged
So you quite literally can't give any direction at all because if you can't tell someone to do something
You can't tell someone to to don't do something. What does that leave?
That's basically the entirety of human action an anonymous staff member told the Daily Express that the staff
Bulked at being asked to treat intelligent students like children. We are not doing our students any favors or this kind of nonsense
They told the newspaper. Absolutely. They're absolutely right
However, the university's vice chancellor professor Margaret a house said that press coverage had been overblown and that the guidelines in the memo was drawn
From national best practice teaching guidelines. Well, guess what?
Those national best practice teaching guidelines. They're fucking wrong
Let's talk about something else that is just blatantly false meet the woman bringing social justice to astrology
Well astrology is already a nonsense field so if you want to add more nonsense into it
I guess there's no harm, right?
Chani Nicholas is transforming horoscopes from quips about finding true love and stumbling into financial good fortune
To pointed calls to action. The future is female
I'm sorry lady, but you're not gonna be the one who makes it to Mars
She's transforming horoscopes into calls to action with a left-leaning social justice agenda
Based in LA, of course, she's fucking based in LA. She weaves activism into the majority of her writing. I mean
You could you could just write this stuff at this point man. All these people are like this
I'm basically an angry feminist who just happens to be into astrology and healing. Yeah, no shit
It's like those witches from a few weeks ago who are casting spells against Donald Trump
Here's an example of one of her horoscopes when a society chooses protection for some while denying dignity for all
We have forsaken the soul of the world
Imagine breaking open a fortune cookie and instead of getting any kind of advice about your life you get this it's like well
Fine, but what am I supposed to do about it? Like I can't do anything. I'm I'm just getting my Chinese food
I'm not I'm not capable of changing shit like this following the 2016 presidential election
These people wrote a piece suggesting that the outcome of the vote would be attributed to the fact that the month before
Aggressive Mars and power monger Pluto were both in Capricorn the sign that rules the patriarchy
This is all fucking stupidity. However, if the heavens themselves are against your ideology
It's time to give up. Let's skip across the pond and see my friend Sargon of Akkad get
Get dragged by the Kent anti-racism network
Cancel the far-right Sargon of Akkad meeting at the University of Kent. Apparently it's still going on
It's happening on on Wednesday
I guess some people are going to be there protesting at Kent anti-racism network condemns the decision made by the University of Kent to invite
Carl Benjamin also known as Sargon of Akkad to speak on campus later this month
Carl is a well-known far-right youtuber who openly supports Tommy Robinson and produces vile YouTube videos full of offensive language and imagery
Yeah, dude, those D&D streams. They're just fucking terrible
You know, I do got to say though people seem to nowadays use far-right as a synonym for asshole
It's just someone they don't like right
There's nothing about Sargon's politics that are far-right. He seems to be center-left
I'm a bit more left than he is, but he's still definitely within the realm of center-left
However to people like this anybody who is not hard left is far-right
Benjamin was banned from Twitter after instigating a misogynistic trolling campaign against MP Jess Phillips declaring
I wouldn't even rape you
I just have to ask would it have been more or less misogynistic if he said he would rape her
Kent Union tried to stop the meeting from going ahead believing his presence on campus would invite racial hatred and violence
However, the university's management have overruled student representatives and plan to allow the event to go ahead
Well good on them because it's free speech. You can think that absolutely everything Sargon says is
Ridiculous nonsense and if it is ridiculous nonsense, he will show it when he speaks
So just let him speak if he's a fool
You will be able to tell we stand with the students at UKC who are refusing to tolerate
Fascism on campus or anywhere else in our communities and we will support them in preventing this meeting from going ahead
It sounds like there's probably gonna be a protest
Maybe a few more soy boys are gonna rush the stage and Sargon can take another flag. Let's see the comments here
What's interesting to note is that only certain comments are showing up on this page
Obviously the ones made by the pages owner are showing up. Certainly this person here if they don't say no then protest
Fuck my life. Why first Milo now this so gross
There are boundaries in society for a reason some things are just not okay
Finally down at the bottom the first comment against this nonsense
When your ideology is built like a house of cards and completely indefensible to any other ideology
Then silencing is your only alternative the students will eventually find out why they have been lied to out in the real world
In order to see the majority of replies that are critical to this
You actually have to start opening up all these things and they only appear sometimes you get to really click to get to find them
Why on earth are you opposed to hearing things? You don't agree with?
How else would you acquire the relevant material with which to effectively argue against it if not by listening and analyzing it?
I mean that's pretty much true, but you have to dig to find this comment
But this week we have a second story relating to Britain and fatness
I was kicked off the Harry Potter ride for being too fat for the seats, by the way
Yes, that was a fat joke about Sargon. Please don't expel me from the mob my Don Jesus
I've never seen the soy boy face in a woman before but here it is
I refuse to take on the additional guilt of not having gotten into Harry Potter until I was 35
But I'll admit that despite the annoying JK Rowling versus native people scandal that I doubt you heard anything about
But I followed because I'm native. Are you fucking sure you're native? You look quite white
This is this like the Elizabeth Warren one-drop rule straight up
I am 1 16th native my grandfather's grandmother that basically means that I'm
1516 white and therefore I am white and you look whiter than I do lady
it was the depression and disgust surrounding Donald Trump's election that sent me into a
An YA a year fantasy endurance run where I went so far as to purchase an armchair
From my around-the-clock bedroom reading. I'm sure you had an armchair before Jesus Christ
You seem like you sit in it a lot
It should be no surprise that when three friends and I went to the Universal Studios just outside Los Angeles last month
I demanded that our first experience be the Wizarding World of Harry Potter as it was my first time at Universal Studios
I couldn't have possibly been more tickled to drink butter beer and visit all the Hogsmeade shops
I even purchased a $50 wand that I used in all the goofy little spell slots around the delightful town square
And you know what up until now this actually sounds like a bit of good wholesome fun
My dear friend Ruha who had been a guest on my woman of size podcast, but the discrimination against fat women's bodies
Wrote heads up. I was kicked off the Hogwarts ride because I didn't fit it was humiliating
But they gave me front-of-the-line passes to the rest of the rides at Universal
You do realize there's a safety consideration right if you're too heavy or you're too wide or you're too tall
Or you can't fit in the seats somehow and and they can't securely strap you into the ride
They can't let you go on. It's not about fat discrimination. It's about you not fucking dying on their watch
Like the fat lady I am big and loud and demanding and I absolutely refuse to vanish
How
Unfortunate for the rest of us I did with any new Hogwarts student would do after being warned that she might be excluded
I bounded into the line with my friends and we were soon dazzled by the intricate details of the Hogwarts School of Wizardry
Disappearing projections of Harry Ron and Hermione the pensieve inside Dumbledore's chambers
It was so exciting that I found myself
Chuckling and prancing like a schoolgirl going to her first dance when we reached the front of the line
We were perfectly placed in the ride four across and seats locked down
I glanced at my friends and we all cackled we made it I got on I'm not too Oh
One of the 20-something ride managers walked over and asked us all to step off because of a safety issue
We were ushered through a door to it looked like a backstage area
Where another 20-something employee rattle off a spiel about safety and three clicks and having to try out a safety seat
That's when we all knew that I hadn't actually made it on to the Hogwarts ride
You could always lose weight and come back to the park
And in fact if that is your goal
Maybe eating and drinking this stuff is not the way to go at the Universal Studios in Orlando
Florida the locking mechanisms on the Hogwarts ride were adjusted in 2010 to safely accommodate bigger bodies
But not before this man was inspired to lose weight so he could be allowed on board. That's wrong
Exclusion and shame are not motivational techniques their forms of bullying
Exclusion makes me a logical and educated person
Believe that I'm at fault for not fitting into this ride
Instead of recognizing that rides should accommodate all people's bodies shame is a good motivational technique
Although it is it is quite negative and sometimes it's inappropriate
Exclusion though can actually be quite positive because the point of exclusion is not to say
You can never get in the point of exclusion is to say
You currently don't have what it takes to get in
It's actually quite important to our society that people are are
Ranked on ability and if that means that exclusion is a force at play then that is how it has to be
We are better off. It's not a form of bullying
It's a form of filtering and I know that I'm getting a bit serious here because we're not talking about
important positions that need to be filled
We're just talking about a ride
But the same idea applies from Gawker horse genitals taste of hay and more curious delights from a horse fucker
Kelly Conaboy filed to horse fuckers. I'm not gonna fucking read this one. Fuck you
Jesus the first transgender man
Somehow this is a better alternative
The church teaches that Jesus is the new Adam born of the new Eve
Eve is a fascinating creature for many reasons. The Bible tells us she is the first example of human cloning
I can kind of see that being the case if she's just taken from the rib of Adam
That's kind of clone like isn't it fun doesn't stop there if we take the Genesis account in its literal meaning as conservative Christians demand
That we do she is also the first case of a transgender woman
God reached into Adam pulled out a bit of rib bone and grew Eve from that XY DNA into Adams companion
She was created genetically male and yet transformed into a woman
You want me to open and we to open the real lemon juice you can't open the cap. Are you serious?
That was the easiest thing to open why did you
Then along comes Jesus and the whole pattern is both repeated and reversed the first couple's refusal to cooperate is turned around by
Mary's yes
And the second act of cloning occurs the Holy Spirit comes upon the second Eve and the child takes flesh from her and is born
Born of her flesh born with XX chromosome pairing born genetically female and yet
transformed into man, so this hot take is basically that
whenever God
Spontaneously creates creatures if he doesn't using pieces of other creatures that DNA is transferred over
I mean, I guess it makes sense
But this is a stupid fucking conversation to be having isn't it and speaking of reproducing with only one set of DNA
Remember last week there was that woman who married herself. Yeah. Well, uh woman who married herself cheats on herself
To many adultery is no laughing matter
But a British woman who married herself two years ago has prompted much mockery and mirth
From viewers of this morning by announcing that she had been unfaithful to herself
You couldn't even keep it in your pants
a
Sophie Tanner revealed to the host that she had cheated on herself with Ruari Barrett a polyamorous who is now also married to himself
You guys could have married each other
The practice of marrying oneself known as
Solagamy is grown is growing in popularity in the UK with many women choosing to have a full ceremony to commemorate the event
Tanner's father was even present to give away Sophie as a bride
Self-marriages are not legally recognized by any official bodies
But proponents say it amounts to more than the height of generation selfies
Narcissism if you can't even maintain the marriage covenant with one person involved
How do you think you'd actually be able to handle it with two?
This week is so fucking stupid
It was recently Thanksgiving in the United States. And apparently the story of Thanksgiving is the story of a migrant caravan
Oh great. The caravan is here. That's actually kind of funny consider a classic text of our literature the memoir of plymouth plantation
written by William Bradford the first governor of the plymouth colony in Massachusetts
Bradford recalls how he and his fellow pilgrims
Refugees who had undertaken a perilous journey to flee religious and political oppression in Europe arrived on the Mayflower ship in 1620
Let's call this a kind of migrant caravan
It's
Not quite the same thing. I can see why you're drawing parallels, but there are also a few significant differences, aren't there?
Let's take a look at the one country in South America
That is not sending migrant caravans, but frankly if they were the United States should probably accept them
progressives should admit socialism failed even the Venezuelan president did
Surprisingly Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro admitted that socialism has ruined his country
Well, you're a fucking idiot then aren't you mr. Empanada here got rich and fat while destroying his country this week Maduro
Blamed the Socialist United Party for the failed state of the nation. The economy is a complete wreck
Socialism wrecks countries bring disaster and misery to the citizens and it's true
Venezuela is a pretty good example of socialism in action and any kind of
University student social justice soy boy that tells you that Venezuelan socialism isn't real socialism
They are simply little Maduro's in waiting and speaking of just shit
Millennials are making pooping cool again
Our bodies weren't meant to poop on porcelain thrones
What the fuck is up with this demented goddamn artwork on these ridiculous terrible articles?
You guys know you guys know that this is gonna have to be the thumbnail for this video, right?
And I just got to say before we get into it
Considering that these outlets like vice and vox and the end slate and the others that are all run by Millennials
I'm not surprised that they think they're actually hot shit today
Most Americans think about the toilet the same way they think about tissue paper or coat hangers. It's a fundamental satisfactory part of life
Sure going to the bathroom isn't exactly glamorous
But why should it be recently though a number of ambitious young people are trying to come up with newer cooler ways to poop
Stupid
It's so stupid like I
understand that there's a
Biological basis and squatting to shit instead of sitting it actually does help with bowel movements
And it's just based on our skeletal structure
I get that but why do you need a fucking social justice II propaganda article talking about how?
Millennials are saving the world by inventing new ways to take a shit who fucking cares
Okay, I need to be fucking done
This is this has been a ridiculous week, and I hate all the fucking articles that everyone's sending me fuck you guys
Oh, I will say though come back to this channel tonight because we're going to be doing the monthly community night
I don't think there's been any fan art to show off this month
And I think I got one package to open up
But we will be watching a movie together and those of you who are either twitch subscribers or
Patreon supporters can hop into a voice call with us and watch the movie with us
We will of course be streaming it to everyone who is not in the voice call in honor of it being American Thanksgiving
Recently this month's movie will be
poultry geist
So make sure to come back tonight. I'll see you at probably probably between 7 and 8 p.m.. EST
I'll see you then guys. I love you